Right. So I'm going to record
from the first to part of
lecture until I need you guys to
introduce yourself and we start
a discussion session for today.
So which I think will take about
maybe one hour each. We
definitely don't have to use the
entire 3 hours because our main
objective today is just, well, a
couple things.
Birth to two let you understand.
You know why Masterclass is a
really special and unique
module. Perfect. And the second
you know what I really want you
guys to do in this module and
the finally.
To know more about, you know who
you are. But I I I know you
already, but I think I need to
know more about you as a
researcher. Like what kind of
research are you doing? Because
master class, as some sense.
It's really not a typical model
in the sense that we're not
really possible for this. We
have tipped trying to teach you
guys something, but a large
portion of Masterclass actually
requires you. You, you know, you
contribute, you know, because we
want to make sure that.
You will be useful for your
research, which can be your
dissertation and the if you are
not doing dissertation at this
moment, at least you know well.
Hopefully some things we do in
class will help you to think
about your dissertation for the
next year, and we also have some
research postgraduate students
here and I think the reason why
we inspired post graduate
students working with suspicion
publics because we want to give
them the opportunity.
To.
To get exposure about some of
the new recent developments in
Social Research because on.
Social Research is a really
weird fear because on the one
hand it's poorly defined. I
don't really know what it's sort
of research that does, even
though Burbank had me to be the
the director of the Social
Research program. But at the
same time, the Social Research
is also subject to a lot of ways
conversations and the things
change a lot. So that's one of
the reasons why Masterclass was
created about 10 years ago
because we wanted created a
space where students and also.
Things that we have the
opportunity.
You know, cutting edge.
Recent discussions, debates
about, you know, what is good
Social Research. Either it can
be about, you know, new methods,
right. So we have only spent
three weeks on computational, so
it does not end.
None of this, you know, I say
push that none of these new
methods has say.
Clear role like or or like,
people don't really have a
consensus about. You know why we
should use this method or if
when we are using this method
you know what, I'll hang up the
good practice or you know, just
even why we need this message,
right? So we're also going to
spend some weeks going over, you
know, some of the very popular
methods, you know, and you
probably have learned this
methods in other modules,
especially N modules, right. And
if you are not on the student
with.
Plus, you're if you're not a
student of M SC Social Research,
you probably have learned how to
for the methods in other
modules. If you say come from
several social studies on
independent research module
should have already provided you
with the opportunity to have
some discussion about research
methods and research design. So
the second part of the
Masterclass webtoons and use
that you can.
Open.
Really interesting discussion is
because you hear something. If
you are M SC Social Research
students, you have been seeing
me laslow Barry.
Yes, we teach you guys methods,
but eventually you know you need
to listen to other scholars,
especially scholars from other
subject areas to talk about
methods, right? So we have
colleagues from and so when
colleagues Dr. joined our
Barros, she's going to introduce
her best to geographical data
science. That's one of the more
I think error at this moment.
And I actually don't know what's
going on there. But I told me
he's a really powerful.
And in two of us to understand
things.
Urban Development over
urbanization, either in the
global north and global apps,
and you also don't have the
another colleague from geography
to talk about making the
research and the difference
between the way Lori and Paige
talk about mixed method research
and her way to talk about this
is because Laura and I, we are
postponing the scientists.
So we probably, you know,
sometimes we'll talk about mixed
method overlaps good way because
we read a textbook on mixed
method and blog.
There's no this is mixed method,
but the calling function.
She's going to talk to you guys
about mixed method from Earth.
There is they said it's.
I don't know you, but I think
because she would not help
myself.
But she told me there will be
abilities I don't really know
what she's gonna do. She also
told me there's not. She's not
gonna use any required meetings
for that module. I'm sorry for
that, but they will be.
Umm ohhh, there will be some
activities and I will. I will
make sure to double check with
her.
Because I I don't think I should
know. What if?
Or you guys come to the class
and the final we have?
You know what? I got to this
study. When is well, where some
of them. And then we also have
some guidelines to talk about.
It's not worth me. And the last
two weeks are computed by two
scholars from history.
Classics and archaeology
department. And in case you
don't know.
I'm thinking about bank.
Has a long tradition that such
that you know it's not.
Only one of the biggest history
departments in the country, it
is also one of the best and the
one of the most difficult things
about history as the subject
area. But that is they are
really close to customers that
they're not like, you know, the
traditional or conventional
historians who mostly do you
humanities. They are acting
really close to you. So just
fine.
So for instance, we are gonna
have a scholar. He's. I think
it's expertise. It's economic
history.
I promise history you can
understand the economic history.
These are basically a group of
people who are historians but
also do regression.
Go to use data to you know
understand you something really
important.
Umm, questions in economic
history and in recent years on
also have a similar.
20.
You're completely conomy.
Basically, we have control
political economist that we try
and use existing answer some of
the most important theoretical
or empirical properties,
including conomy such as you
know, we just said building or
technician or long term
development or even political
corruption.
Or democratization. These kind
of things. So yeah. So I mean,
I'm very glad, you know, like
just this is a strange magic in
the sense that even though, you
know, they put my name as malgir
combiner. But really my role for
this module is the moderator.
I'm a moderator for this module.
So my main job is just to make
sure everybody including the
speaker and including you guys,
show up at the same time, right,
place I have to do.
Hey So what I'm thinking to do
today is to talk about history
objective and also I'm going to
introduce our weekly syllabus
because I'll be organization of
arrangement for the Masterclass
is special.
And I moved a bunch of profile
time actually, but I think it's
especially if you're going to
take the matter class for
credit, I'm going to explain the
assessment and the requirements
because assessment for the
masterclass and both of you need
compared with other modules. And
finally, I was going to say
something about it, you know.
Uh, when I'm really doing for
this module and how you can
utilize me as the module
moderator for the masterclass
and the finally we're going to
spend some time to give you the
opportunity to do this.
Ohh yourself, because OK, I do.
I do want to know more about
you. Especially I want to know
more about you as a researcher.
No longer as a student. Right.
And we I hope you look at some
of the reason specially the book
written by Matt firstly how's
the science staff? Better.
That's actually a excellent book
because the reason why I chose
the book I was going to sign the
book and eventually I realized
this is probably too much but I
highly recommend the book.
Because the book is very good in
terms of, you know, summarizing
some of the most important and
challenging discussions about,
you know, what is good social
science.
And the these conversations and
these debates are are very least
so if you so you, you you
probably you know from the after
meeting you probably remember
your phone out you know what
does that mean by saying that
Realty and OK so on one hand we
can say by diversity.
Maybe walking colonization. We
want to have people, you know,
scholars from under
representative underrepresented
social groups. But what they
really mean know why that make
social life better. We actually
need a narrative or the need
discussion about that instead of
just saying, you know, because
that's why my I should study
this culture or or mine because
I promised cultural still my
analysis about his culture is
positive.
Over authoritative or even
better, right? For instance, I
I'm not from China about, but
usually people will consider me.
And I thought it changed
politics. And when I go to
China, people, you should say,
well, you should listen.
Of these projects, China. But
the situation, yes, you have
many, many foreign policies
about Chinese politics produced
by China scholars.
So yeah, so identity diversity
is the really tricky issue. On
the one hand, we definitely know
the one with that person for you
know, the full 6 pedias analysis
by the end it anytime you know
we need to make sure there is
some clear discussion about how
we can make suggest like better.
So that's why check the one that
actually spends the Met Workman.
He spent a lot of time talking
about different biases and
eventually we're going to have a
discussion about you know what
do you think about the bias
body.
After you know it can be so many
different types of bias in
Social Research, you think
yourself get your subject area,
you're subject area you comes
from is necessarily.
Better or more scientific? And
if you are trying to make the
argument by saying myself in
area belongs to social science,
what does that even mean? Right.
That's what we are.
Going to be doing it at the end
of today, right?
So again, so just wait. Quick
history and objectives. So
again, message class was created
in years ago and we we need
master class you know OK this we
need this.
They found to allow and the
calling exploiting the sound of
the uncertain but cutting edge,
and the reason about you know,
what's Social Research and at
the same time, because we do not
have enough college, we did not
have the capacity to teach a lot
of research method models. So at
a time, you know what? What we
were trying to do is we combine
the.
So each.
The cover of variety of research
methods and a discussion about
Social Research. But.
Even though the methods would be
fine.
Research and actually also PG
people about Social Research on
the module when it was created.
It is overall when you research
poster where there's student
above it because as I say, we
want to be research across
America students the opportunity
to expose.
This new methods that they can
remain competitive in the job
market.
So.
But things have changed because
it came in 10 years, right?
You know very longer lower every
time. There's so many scholars
across different departments and
that's what that's OK. But we
have a lot since who can teach
math test. So this is the time.
So I would find especially for
this year.
I said the way I think about the
masterclass is as follows.
First, we want to use the master
class to produce the new
generation of social
researchers, and we also want
people to the masterclass used
about 10 weeks to show some
communication and at the same
time to give you guys the
opportunity.
Took about critical talking
about some of the methods you
have learned from other modules,
but this discussion with me on
Kerry out by.
Umm. College from outside the
Department of politics at the
moment.
Right. So in terms of the
organization, we're we're gonna
be.
But each week is going to be
divided into two different
sessions. The first one is the
mass size of icon that master
lecture theory. But really it's
just we have colleagues from
different departments to cover
one.
And in the second part of the
Masterclass, it's really
difficult going to a really
concrete, tangible exercise for
for each week, and I'm going to
show you guys on the weekly
syllabus in the moment.
So if you are taking the
masterclass for credit, you must
do both because I'm some of the
books are actually helping you
completely assessment the idea
is, you know, if you can follow
us doing the workshop.
It's everything, you know, we
have to do you workshops. You
actually don't need any extra
time until to to finish our the
assessment because we know that
they might.
Right, something but somewhat
break and which is found so
yeah, so the the workshops are
specifically in here your
system, OK.
And if you want just only the
only require you to attend the
first department, and given that
you got auditing first you go go
and you have access to old
materials. Don't.
And but we are not going to take
you.
You're free to go. You're free
to come and also don't need to
submit any assessment.
OK. Because as I say, I think
for especially for research
school separation students on
the main idea here is well,
first you should focus on.
And the this just need to
graduate, but at the same time
you have the opportunity to
learn about new methods. And I
also wanna say if you are going
to audit on the best classifier
research report.
And at the post graduate.
Research post the greatest
student. OK, you should have a
conversation.
You're so bad that may have
different ideas about, you know,
what is your parents? So
sometimes it's very common. That
sounds supervisors good
suggested students focused on
finishing their PC's this
instead of, you know, taking
time to object. But eventually I
think you should be there should
be a conversation between you
and your supervisor. Thinks
you're taking the message class.
You know, we got.
Taking that perfect.
Right. So in principle the
lecture series, which have
anything that we practically
have three blocks of two blocks.
So. So the first block will be
from the tentative and
computational social science, so
we have.
Mostly in the weeks before the
week before the next week, after
very maiden. Many of you have
came forward. Introduction to
that it's gonna have a really
nice, excellent discussion about
service design and service in
Social Research. And after that
I'm going to have a really long
technical production to social
network analysis because a lot
of people have been saying, you
know, social networking is
really powerful tool for us to
understand the social world. But
it's a really messy messy.
Earlier in the sense that you
know you SC.
The field.
You will see people who do
physics in the field. You will
see people who do computer
science in the field. You also
see people from sociology,
political science and whatever
areas to say. You know, these
are really, it's a really it's a
really lively area such thing.
You know everybody can claim to
say that you can claim to be
part of the social network
analysis field. So and.
That's what we are going to have
natural language processing and
this is actually, you know, one
of the most exciting things even
for me, because I this national
language processing is a method
such that we want to see, we
want to tease our useful
informations from unstructured
text like Twitter or policy
documents. And then recent years
well because for a long time.
It was specific example building
company, but I would say
starting from three years ago a
lot of included scientists and
social researchers draw picking
out the technology or technique.
For instance, actually 10 years
ago, one of the first papers.
Which apply this language
processing in political science
is saying using the they they
use some social media data in
China to study the dynamics of
media censorship, which are.
And they mention find out a
logical Jason ship in China by
using really well at the time
was fancy, but now but it's it's
actually.
Quite common not be used topic
modeling and other text analysis
tools to understand. You know
what kind of information.
So Doctor Love is actually.
One of the most incompetent,
reliable and most friendly
person I've ever know about
natural language.
Because on when can you guys
listen to me? But he's actually
going to give you guys a really
good feedback from about, you
know, what we really can't do
with natural language
processing.
Once they were too young.
You know.
You know that college kids ohgi.
OK, good. Have Joker, but data
science.
Alright, we're not errors and
then yeah, and then we have
critical qualitative Social
Research and it is.
So hopefully you know I I think
it's a really exciting here
because we managed to.
Maximize the expertise in terms
of Social Research and
development, and by seeing the
list of features. I hope you
know I can send out the message
so you know one thing, but
breakfast? I should really
strong place.
Even though we are not that big
compared with other similar
colleges or universities or in
London, but we actually applied,
you know, in the research and I
hope you enjoyed the discussion.
And I also want to remind you
one thing which is.
Each speaker each week.
They have the discretion to
decide how they wanted to
deliver materials.
So it's going to be.
Very different from other
modules you have done, because
I've been the other modules
probably is clear that you have.
We need to discussion. It is
nothing like that format, but
you know, as I said for the week
on week numbers.
Not going to be any reply
reading, but Doctor Penny learns
conclusion tonight that she's
going to design, you know, many
activities to push you back to
think about on the pros and cons
of methods and forward the next
week very maiden I think he's
going to combine different
professional videos of videos
and the in class activity
parties. So I would definitely
be open minded and be ready to
get surprised because need
because if it's the kind of
modules you should not expect
that.
For weeks to be the same. If
eventually you know you're
feeling, you're common to the
class is always feel again with
actually my favor. Do I need and
afford a workshop? And I think
I'm just.
They are not like you know,
really, you know, ambiguous
percussion about, you know,
whatever field that whatever of
my schooling. And so you're
research. So next week we're
going to talk about how each of
you research on social media and
the more traditional tool for
that is even though there's some
point. I feel like it is 23
people probably don't use blocks
anymore. So at some point I was
thinking about maybe I should
change the assessment to say
instead of writing an academic
blog, please do a.
Twitter threat?
Or yeah, it's actually it's not
easy to do that if you if you
have the opportunity to follow
scholars on Twitter and a lot of
that actually went very, very
good extended Twitter thread.
Who you know, to either to
showcase their research, you
engage in some really important
debates.
Or just to promote some ideas to
make a point. It's actually
there has been some really
complicated discussion about how
we should do that, especially if
you are close to graduation. As
a patient student, you are going
to be on the job market. I just
realized if you are going to be
on the job market as a PhD
student.
You must have a Twitter account.
Because I actually did not start
using Twitter, you know, HD and
I want you, Twitter and realize,
wow, there's so many things
going on there. And I was like
behind.
Everybody follow up about.
Five or six years, so and we are
also coming for two weeks to
talk about artificial
intelligence and theories and
but.
We three and week four are big
different in the sense that week
three is going to be mostly you
know to give you guys some ideas
about you know why we see a I
would computational fluid.
Social Research. So we're just
going to, you know, brainstorm
some ideas about, given your
research interests, how can you
apply different reaction? Was
all computational tool. But the
way it's a bit more specific
because I'm going to, I'm going
to we're going to participate in
the really exciting discussion
the discussion that no one.
Has the final say, which is how
we use ChatGPT.
With your research not to help
you finish the assessment, by
the way, I don't wanna say one
thing. I'm totally the college.
Has come up with a.
Algorithm.
To detect artificial
intelligence or ChatGPT writing
writing in your assessment and
the. But the conclusion for now
I can this is like the coming
now, but we don't really know
how to do that because even
though you can come up with the
ovaries and to say, OK, for this
particular apt, 38% of the text,
things like to be written by the
machine, but we don't have power
evidence.
The company who invented the
algorithm or the college who
introduced us to the algorithm,
they both say, you know, we
should not take that as a heart
happen to save students or
community and pleasure. ISM. But
still.
I'm looking for the captivity to
doctor and say, you know, it's a
nightmare or two and academics
or even researchers, but we also
have.
The manager of scholars know who
are trying to say, maybe we can
see things and more or less
constructive way you're positive
way by saying we want to use for
research, for protection. So we
for ready for that we are going
to I'm going to you know.
Really short.
Bye.
Thank you.
I don't remember where things,
but I think it's from your
university is in the management
school because what the what
that professor trying to do is
trying to, you know introduce
chapter.
The last official component is
modeled to tell students you
must use chat TBT to complete
the requirements of this class,
which is weird, which is kind of
like I don't really know, but
it's up to you. So let's talk
about that. That's the idea for
the message question because I
don't really know what's going
on, but I do think this kind of
discussion.
First, we should have and you
guys are ready to have given
that you have home Social
Research students. You have done
so much so far to be here and
for week five. I don't talk
about communication research,
especially we're going to use
this week to talk about the
situation and with the service
is going to be about
transparency and open. So just
open social science because we
recently just don't know. We
have been having a lot of
references.
Process. Of course the socket
area, even though I will say the
area that was affected most is
psychology.
Your sychology has been running
into a lot of, you know,
credibility crisis in even
though econometrics.
I'm.
Similar probability crisis about
India.
Thank you.
No.
Yeah. So we're gonna see
something about transparency
myself with that. We will meet
our tangible outcome.
Coming from that workshop would
be, you know, maybe to give you
guys a sense about what is pre
analysis like why some people
say, you know, we should do pre
analysis before you even say
complete your research. We're
going to talk about some of the.
Proposals like some of the
initiatives are proposed by
scholars in Europe and North
America about how we can.
Make sure you know the
credibility or transparency of
your Social Research instead of
your interface. Maybe I went
down to receiving you to do 10
different interviews and it gets
my research.
I I want to make one thing when
you talk about transparency and
openness, social science, it's
not just a matter of four quant
Social Research, qualitative
Social Research actually has
been subject to unlock a lot of
participants.
Because as you as you remember
from the first chapter, somebody
would even say fine, the
interviews we do, it's not
worthy. But if you know
something about the course, I
think we have some of those
students here.
I'm thinking the paper is not
here saying.
And why should I take?
Whatever you got from the
interview is for friends.
Right. Is there any procedure
that we can, you know make sure
you analysis is rigorous or even
we can replicate analysis of
interview data that is a really
crazy idea and American
political science distribution
effect on they were trying to
come up with a proposal by
saying well.
All those little scholars, you
know, staff, workers or
interviews, or however been such
histories, whatever, they also
have to submit a report on how
to how much degree other people
can replicate their results.
I don't know how do I replicate
the same results by reading the
same interview transcript. We
don't know. So the discussion
really heated. Eventually, I
don't think we had a.
We got conclusion, but I'm going
to introduce some of the
debates, you know, like
different styles, because it was
a really, really, really fierce
debate between different people.
But we're going to do something
that's best to you for you to
think about it because
eventually, here's the thing
about confirmation search.
Nothing we do will be perfect.
But eventually, as Matt Grossman
put in the first chapter, the
best thing we can do is probably
just.
Recognize we have bias and try
our best to mitigate our lives.
And finally for weeks 8 and 11.
And we are going to.
Create a setting similar to a
formal academic conference. So
we are going to present your
dissertation, which we'll talk
more about the details thing.
You're going to talk about your
dissertation and ohh other
research ideas. Depending on
what you're doing at the moment,
because I know not not everybody
is working on that station this
moment, but the key thing for
the presentation that is not to.
Because we want to create a
constructive environment to make
sure you know everybody is here
to help you, to make your
dissertation better.
Right. So yeah, so something so
basically I'm.
Audience ready and send your
research for 610 minutes and I
may, depending on how many
students are.
We have for workshops. I may
assign each student a discussion
like you you like. In addition
with me.
In the 17 your research, you're
also going to be responsible for
discussing the the research of
another student.
Just to give you guys the
opportunity to to get a sense of
you know how like what kind of
things we do as researchers,
because we do that owners.
And it's not whenever.
You might be cuter of review. A
journal article, or when I was
invited to discuss someone's
research in the academic
conference.
Umm, actually have to talk to my
supervisor. I have to talk to my
supervisor for three hours about
because he's he. He actually did
a really long list of things
about, you know, OK, this is
what you should do. This is
probably what it should do. And
at some point, you know, you
want to be critical, but if you
don't want to become sending,
you don't want to.
You know, it's not like because
you don't want to just destroy
that person, even though you
know, as you see, you know, for
for, for many decades, they've
me or the research community can
be really toxic, right? People
sometimes, you know, even
students or even scholars say,
you know, I'm not afraid of
saying something because I'm
proud of saying something
stupid. You know, other people
would think they better. But I I
I think I want to overturn that.
Yeah, I just by showing you guys
this so.
Constructive and positive way to
do that, that is actually, you
know, the difference between the
East and West Coast and the
right of record. So about your
assessment of your segment.
Because they're basically, you
would have Charlotte, even
though they are three different.
Assessment. But ideally speaking
on if.
Uh, how should I put it the
first of two?
So that's like something we call
formative assessment.
Because in the first attempting
this tell you really. So these
are basically, you know, asking
you to write down the course
feature 2 lectures. And ideally
once you from the weeks between
two and five like from the
computational and the and. And
the second lecture should come
from qualitative and history
weeks, OK and for presentation
on 2.
You're supposed to submit your
or upload your presentation
slides.
And if I was going to write a
critical reflection paper based
on your blog post and also based
on documentation because I
specifically asking you to do
three things in the critical
reflection paper first to do the
summary of the research you
present and the second talk
about how any lectures.
I would like to class helping
you think about your research. I
did you say? Ohh. Maybe I can
use this method in my
dissertation even though I
probably don't know very much.
And finally have every any
comments critique you received
when you present your research.
So as you can see they actually
combine that actually will build
upon each other tightly closely
with with each other even though
there are three separate
assessments. Like actually get
one.
And the reason why, in fact,
it's more like this is because I
want to. I want you guys to get
something from masterclass. Also
I want to reduce.
The workload as much as
possible, because this is the
summer term, your priorities
should be your dissertation, but
and hopefully you have been
having.
Interesting and active
conversations, which were
dissertations supervisor
hopefully, right.
Well.
Send it.
But I think ohh I did not ohk OK
I took all the one I have two
out of 1 limit.
It's between 101,000. It meant
to be very short. Yeah. So we're
going to keep you with two
workshop because I what I'm
going to do next week is I'm
going to give you guys. I hand
out. That was the list of things
that you have to cover in the
blog post and we are going to
use Doctor Barry, maintenance
lecture as exercise.
Yeah. So we are going to see a
very.
Specific list of things you have
to do in your blog post and if
you go to Moodle I'll upload
some of the examples from other
university or other Research
Institute because it's on one
hand. Yes, it's getting common
to use academic logs to cover.
Are you doing research for any
other research activities? Even,
but at the same time, I think
it's also important to to make
sure you guys are aware that we
actually have new formats that,
but either you can do.
Like you say, I have some people
like they just, you know,
create, take talk of no tick
tock on channels and feature
there research in, I don't know,
30 seconds. I I think it's gonna
be too much to ask you do that
though. I just want to let you
know you know there are so many
ways.
Each.
And publishing your research as
journal articles, I think that's
more or less.
Ohh patiently I think what you
know. Probably pretty colors,
all the young television have
tried to come out with many
different creative channels
platform.
You can't say that he's not for
to get attention or whatever
they want. And then there's also
the different to, you know, show
videos. There's also podcast.
Yeah. We begin to see actually
that the student to do podcast.
And there's also what else?
Right there, there should be
more just because I don't know,
maybe you can also create an
envision, but I just want to
know there are interested like
they're actually different
creative ways to to to produce
content.
Other people's research and we
are going to spend next week to
to think through some of the
options and hopefully we can
talk about you know the
advantage and advantage of
different formats. But most
specifically you know there's
going to be an exercise to help
you with that.
And so hopefully that answers
the question. And so I'm going
to rewrite.
During the lecture series, even
if.
Here to 1st to introduce you
guys to.
On the speaker, I'm also
introduced the speaker to you
guys and I'm also going to
moderate your name necessary so
the full match will be really
similar to you. A typical
research talk or research
events.
Taking place in other colleges
of inverse.
Just because I want to give you
that, you know, in addition to
you in the format is also very
important. So you know you know
in your typical homework
research talking how.
People with different rules
interacting together, right? And
I'm also going to read the
workshop, and I'm also going to
provide feedback on your.
I feedback on your assessment.
And I'm also going to be
available.
So feel free to use my and if
you.
You know.
You'll have to send me e-mail
and I will see what I can do and
if you want to know more about
my office or policy, please
refer to the module.
Right. So which means, you know,
we want to be, you know, as
accessible as possible, you
guys. So at some point when you
feel like you are being lost,
hopefully.
I mean, I know because
sometimes, you know, the
students were few of you lost.
Can you? But if you wait until
we 11 then or wait 10 still feel
the same then you know I think
we need to talk about you know
why how come you're not using it
properly anyway.
Right. So the plan for next
week, so next week, very meeting
Doctor Barry Maydom politics.
It's about service design for
the research. He's done a lot of
survey project, especially in
global styles including
countries in Latin America.
So.
The question about because we
know service are really common
too, but service also one of the
very notorious tools in the
sense that there are so many
things about you not know this
until you do that by yourself
and pull this way, even though
you can't feel more than they
they would give you some really
generic principles of survey
design or survey analysis. But
really because you're dealing
with.
Whenever you're trying to deal
with people, you know, The thing
is, you know, I mean, there's
some great things that can go
wrong, and it is so wrong in
front of you and we need to find
some way to to, to address that.
And so usually it's it's very
good if you can have a really
experienced every researcher of
researchers, you talk about
service.
They don't want a new PhD to
talk about service like we. So
Doctor Berry maintains the right
person and we also going to use
the workshop to have an
exercise.
Like 30 drop. So I would say the
please finish are really free.
LSE Post on the poster was I
think was written by LSE
Knowledge Exchange Commission
and working in analytic. Before
I came here. So that's why
sometimes.
But I think they actually lay
out.
And that's that's where we're
going.
Fashion and exercise to help you
guys complete. You know, one
blog to feature Doctor Barry
Maydom.
Electric and because I'm also
thinking about.
We need to talk about this next
week, but I'm just thinking
about using some blocks to
feature your blocks on the
Social Research blog.
So you will have the opportunity
to get this thing by everybody.
Bye. Bye. That's my point. I I'm
still trying to decide the
platform because at above like
we have a couple of different
ones. So we have one block for
further school. We also have one
block just for Social Research.
We also have one block for the
Department of Politics.
So I'm still trying to decide
which one. Maybe I can give your
input, but eventually the idea
is you know, we want to make
sure you know on the one hand
you have the opportunity to
exercise.
Let me blocking for the Alison
time. You'll have the
opportunity to be seen by
others.
OK.
Right. So.
No, I've done so. I'm going to
stop the recording and then
since I'm going to follow up
because I need to listen to you
guys.
Right. So let me turn this off.
If I can wait, how do I turn
this off?